# Song Of The Red Sea

1. Lord, when the church has come up to the Red Sea,
Way blocked ahead, the foes are getting near.
Deep in my heart, I still have the surpassing peace,
Knowing Your wonderful salvation’s near!
Lord, I give thanks for You are watching from above,
Ever holding authority for the church.
I can rejoice, seeing You perform miracles!
The evidence of Your love to us You show.

2. Lord, I treasure the years of copious journey,
Walking with You through floods, flames and valleys.
Your words of grace have nourished, enlivened my soul,
Make my faith strong and boastful to the end.
Your loving hand leads me to go through each distress.
My tears and laughters in Your sight are precious.
Lord, I give thanks for Your favour and tenderness,
Your presence with me is my sweetest sweetness.

3. When I think of the task ahead yet to be done,
Lord, You know well the path I have to tread.
Thousands of souls, hopeless and lost, are waiting,
May Your great love make me firmly go forth.
Lord, hold my hand tight as I run my course ahead,
In lands of joy, o’er mountains and swift rivers.
Bright days or dark, our hearts are drawn closely as one,
Rejoice till the day I see You face to face.

4. Lord, I am Yours, and You desire and long for me.
O my Beloved, let’s go out to the field.
Early let’s rise, go out to the vineyard and see
If the vine’s budd’d, its blossoms are open.
There I will give, there I will give my love to You.
See, at our gates are pleasant fruits, new and old.
O my Beloved, I have laid up all these for You.
Lord, may Your heart be satisfied in this household.
*(Refrain)*
O Lord, do come, take me to be with You always.
Hand in hand we shall sing and dance forevermore.
