# Now Is Even Better

1. Though I had not followed Jesus in Galilee,
Yet now His presence is closer to me.
It’s for my good that He goes to the Father,
For when He goes, the Helper’s sent to me.
Forever more, the Spirit will dwell in my heart.
In storms or waves, His company is with me.
He is my gain, my portion, my fountain of strength!
With love for love I’ll yield myself to Him.

2. Though I had not leaned on the bosom of my Lord,
Yet in my heart forever He will stay.
I do believe He loves me with the highest love.
He loves me just as the Father loves Him!
Oh such great love is the foundation of my faith;
Oh such great love is the drive all thru’ my life;
Oh such great love draws me away from worldly cares;
Oh such great love binds my heart to His as one!

3. Though I had not offered perfume for His death,
Yet my spirit and body are all His.
Now I am a holy and living sacrifice,
I’ll pour myself at the feet of my Lord.
Devoted to His glorious plan I’ll strive for Him.
His way I’ll go forward with no returning
With the best gift, I’ll seek the favour of my Love.
I’ll watch and wait to see my Beloved in the clouds!

4. Though I had not followed Jesus in Galilee,
Yet now I have a glorious, boastful hope.
Soon comes the Day, that I’ll meet the Lord in the clouds,
And thus I shall be with Him forever.
He’ll share with me His everlasting glory.
He’ll sit with me on His throne of sovereignty.
He’ll walk with me in the Holy City of Life
He’ll live with me in love through all eternity.