# Walk With The Lord The Path Of Suffering And Glory

1. My Lord came down to earth for me,
Was in a manger born,
Unique, yet He was rejected,
Repelled and misunderstood.
Lonely He walked on, Fully followed God.
No place even to lay His head,
He’s opposed, defamed and scorned.

2. What a brilliant light my Lord shone
In His short earthly span.
The Father’s glory to man showed,
He is fairer than all men.
Acquainted with grief, Tempted in all things.
He can comfort and understand.
He wipes away all my tears.

3. Oh how precious my Lord chose me
For this task of glory!
His gift and calling not revoked,
He will keep me to the end.
Thru’ the dark valley, My heart shall not fear.
His faithfulness reaches to the skies.
And He keeps truth forever.

4. He has opened His heart to me -
He has revealed His will.
Though the foes gather to storm me,
My warm dwelling place is He.
I have a sure goal; For life I’ll press on.
Faithful to the heav’nly vision,
Follow gladly, no retreat!

5. What a joy to know my Lord’s will,
And to stay close to Him.
The way may be full of hardship,
Yet I live abundantly!
Is there the ‘Red Sea’, mud land or high hills?
He is the First, He is the Last;
He will accomplish His will.

6. Deepest pain He suffered for me,
Can I be with no wounds?
Follow to the end steadfastly,
Look down on all trials and sneers.
Suff’rings brief and light, Gladly bear for Him.
Let these make up sweet memories,
And eternal glory.

7. South wind, north wind; spring or winter;
I’ll live with my Lord still.
World’s bitterness, joy in God’s house -
All are love designs of His.
Sufferings will pass, Glory yet will last!
He makes all things work together,
Moulds me into His likeness.