# Hope in the Grace of the Lord's Coming

1. You should rest your hope fully on
The grace brought by His coming
And heed to the prophetic word,
Heed to the prophetic word,
Till the day dawns, the morn star
Rises in your heart.
You are drawn by the Lord's coming,
Longing for future glory.

2. I don't mind the things which are seen,
But the things which are not seen.
For the things seen are but temporal,
Those not seen are eternal.
Light affliction for a while,
Works for us lasting glory
That's of far more exceeding weight.
What a bliss to be with Him!

3. The grace brought by the Lord’s coming
Surpasses all human dreams.
I shall be taken to the clouds,
And be face to face with Him.
My body will be transformed
To be like His of glory,
He'll bring me to the Father's home,
Stroll in the holy city.

4. When I see His face of glory,
And realize His love so deep,
I'll be drawn by His majesty,
Changed into marv'llous glory!
Love response flows from my heart,
Like a spring that ever swells.
God's household is full of sweetness.
We'll dwell in "the worlds of love"!

5. Thrilling prize-giving at Christ's stage!
The toil in Him not in vain.
Giving water to little ones,
A reward from Him I'll gain.
He'll remember all my days,
All sweet memories display.
So precious He appreciates me.
He cherishes my love.

6. The beauty of the Father's home
Excels all men's fantasies;
Gates of pearl and walls of jasper,
Gems as base and gold as street,
The river and trees of life,
The Lamb as the city's light!
The city's filled with warmth and love,
Full of life and glory bright.

7. The crowns He gives me won't perish.
I will be more glorious.
Government and peace of the Lord
Shall forevermore increase.
I'll sit with Him on the throne,
Reign with Him eternally.
Soon the glorious "worlds of love"
Will spread o'er the universe.
