# Home, Sweet Home

‘Tis the most pleasant home, the desire of God and man,
Full of fragrance of love, songs of joy everywhere;
A home of warmth and grace, ov’rflowing rivers of joy,
The peaceful dwelling place of God and man forever.
Home, sweet, sweet home!
The hearts of God and man become one in this sweet home.

2. Through all eternity, in God’s plan, “home” is the core,
The Father, the Son and the Spirit gave all for this.
The Lord came to the earth and was nailed upon the cross.
God’s heart was pierced. He gave His all for me.
Home, sweet, sweet home!
This is my vision, my goal, my dream and my rest.

3. Through all eternity, the myst’ry of all ages
Has been revealed to me, I’ve found the greatest treasure.
Now, I have understood “Myst’ry of the Universe,”
I have the goal of life, ‘tis my hope and ‘tis my aim.
Home, sweet, sweet home!
The hearts of God and man are fully satisfied.

4. Through all eternity, and throughout the universe,
Only in this home God and man can be at rest.
God’s house is bountiful – rivers of joy, fount of life,
This household reveals God’s glory and beauty.
Home, sweet, sweet home!
God’s infinite fullness overflows from this household.

5. Gone all sorrows and sighs! Comes this home down on new earth!
No more grief and pain! God wipes away every tear.
His tab’nacle’s with men, His love flows to all the earth;
The city of clear gold shines forth beams of jasper.
Home, sweet, sweet home!
The masterpiece of God, the model of His love.

6. The place of God and man – the city of clear gold,
Founded on precious stones, and pearls as its welcome gates.
Each one is radiant in this Royal family.
The city lights up the new heaven and new earth.
Home, sweet, sweet home!
The vast ocean of grace ripples with waves of love.
