# You Made the Impossible Possible

You are God; I am man.
You're in heav'n; I'm on earth.
You create; I was creat'd.
You're boundless; I'm triv'al.
But You and I are deeply united.
How can it be possible?
It is far beyond all the dreams  but You can do all things.
"The impossible" You make it possible!

2. You have all; I have lack.
You are strong; I am weak.
You're infinite, I'm finite.
You're Holy; I was wicked.
For love You broke through the impossible.
Bridging the gap, You shattered all walls.
For me You crossed the deep, You're the Way to heaven -
Between heaven and earth there's no more distance.

3. Tenderly You told me
It's for You I was creat'd.
I'm the core of Your love dream.
For me You're a Man fore'er.
Lord, You whisper words of love in my ears:
I'm Your desire from eternity.
For me, You gave up Your all. You despised all the shame.
Now I belong to You forever.

4. Great distance between us,
Yet we can be closest.
In Your image, I was creat'd.
I can be most like You.
O' Lord, You came to be the same with me.
You shed Your blood to redeem me.
Now we are deeply united in one spirit forever,
Compatible to You, I'm Your sweet darling.

5. I am Your bone of bones.
I am Your greatest treasure.
In this world through all ages
Only You are my Beloved.
I am Your dearest darling forever.
And now I am born of the Spirit.
I become the partaker of Your divine nature.
Forever You will live in my heart.

6. You give me gifts of love 
Beautiful flowers
To tell me Your great love,
And kiss me with kisses.
All these confirmed me Your love is real.
Your beautiful life journey on earth,
All the flowers on earth, the rainbow in heaven.
You shed Your blood to seal this love covenant.

7. Proof of love beautiful!
You're in me forever.
Your love dream has come true.
You and I are joint as one.
Hallelujah! You have accomplished this.
Wonderful love in the universe.
The love dream of the Trinity has forever come true.
You and I walk on the endless path of love,
Drink from the river of love forever.
