# Our Three StagesTake up the Task, Finish His Will

*1947-1997*
Lord, I treasure 
this glorious first stage.
Your task I took, 
foundation was laid.
You carried me from 
Guizhou to Hong Kong,
And in this place, 
I was gloriously saved.
I'm captured by Your love appearing.
Your love's so sweet, 
more than words can tell.
You called, You chose, 
You commissioned me
To build the church 
after Your own heart.
Lord, I thank You for 
Your love and grace.
Your love for me moved 
and melt'd my heart.

*1968-1997*
2. Lord, You defeat'd the pow'r of darkness.
From a village, You raised this movement.
I can't forget vision of the church,
Your great presence, glorious revivals.
Your carried me through storms and fires.
Lord, by Your grace, I have conquered all.
Lord, You sent Your loved ones to all lands
To build the church after Your own heart.
This precious stage, nothing can replace.

*1997-2013*
3. You guid'd our way to the second stage,
You covered our wings with silver.
Lord, You disclosed Your heart of Beloved,
And You declared the Father's sweet name,
Rebuilt David's tabernacle 
Worship and sing to You and Abba.
You led us to life eternal.
Thank You, my Lord, for Your tender love.
This precious stage nothing can replace.

*2013 - the Lord's coming*
4. We walk with joy onto the third stage,
Run together this final journey.
We're heart to heart, 
build the church He desires,
Fulfill His dream, complete the Lord's will.
He will come back to receive His bride
To live with Him sweet eternity.
O' Lord, keep me till I see Your face.

5. Brothers, sisters, arise with joy.
May you walk on this glorious journey:
Live out His will, with Abba and the Lord,
March on with Him and fight the good fight.
Let's offer Him what He's long desired.
For Him, we'll write the glorious last page.
With our dear Lord, we'll make sweet memories.