# The Lord's Love Dream, His Joy Ahead

O' Lord, when You faced 
the deepest pain on the cross,
You sweetly thought of this 
fullness of joy before You.
You longed for me to be 
enthroned with You in glory.
You yearned to live in me 
forever and ever.
I cherish Your love dream.
You gave Yourself for me. 
Now Your love dream has come true.
With joy You embrace me 
into Your beautiful heart.

2. O' Lord, when You faced 
the deepest pain on the cross,
The joy of the Father and 
mine were set before You.
You longed for the Father's 
deepest love to be in me.
You desired me to live 
in Abba's heart forever.
I cherish Your love dream.
You gave Yourself to make 
Abba's and my dream come true.
Abba ran out to me, 
embraced me into His heart.

3. O' Lord, when You faced 
the deepest pain on the cross,
You sweetly thought of this 
fullness of joy before You.
You longed for Abba's house 
of glory and unity
To be the warmest home 
in the whole universe.
We all stand as one man 
to accomplish God's love plan.
The fullness of this house 
overflows to worlds of love.
I cherish Your love dream.
You offered Yourself to 
fulfill God's dream of love.

4. O' Lord, when You faced 
the deepest pain on the cross,
You sweetly thought of this 
fullness of joy before You.
You longed for me to be 
sanctified, belong to You,
Sweetly I live with You 
in our fellowship of love.
You sanctified me. 
Now I belong to Abba.
Closely I walk with Him, 
enjoy deepest affection,
Live in the Father's heart, 
delight in God's family.
I cherish Your love dream.
You gave Yourself for this 
wonderful love plan of God.