# The Lord Desires and Admires Me (Song 1-8. 

May You kiss me with kisses of Your mouth,
For Your love is better than wine.
Your oils have a pleasing fragrance.
Your name is ointment poured forth.
Lord, I love You, draw me after You.
I will run after You.
Bring me into Your chambers, 
the secret place,
I will rejoice in You.

2. Tell me, O You whom my soul loves,
Where do You pasture Your flock,
Where do You make it lie down at noon?
I want to follow You.
Most beautiful among women,
Go forth, if you do not know,
On the trail of the flock 
and feed your young goats
By the tents of the shepherds.

3. Like a lily among the thorns 
My darling among maidens.
Like an apple tree in the forest 
My beloved among young men.
With great delight, I sat in His shade.
His fruit was sweet to my taste.
He has brought me to His banquet hall.
His banner o'er me is love.

4. My Beloved is like a young stag, gazelle;
He came leaping through the mountains.
He said to me, "My beautiful one,
Arise! Come along with Me.
Winter is past, the rain is gone,
Flowers appear on the earth.
The voice of the turtledove is heard.
Arise! Come along with Me."

5. Let Me see your face and hear your voice
In the secret place of the cliff.
Let Me see your face and hear your voice
In the clefts of the rock.
For your voice is sweet to Me,
And your face is lovely.
You're My treasure, I desire you forever.
Day and night I long for you.

6. O My darling, You're so beautiful.
There is no blemish in you.
You have made My heart beat faster
With a glance of your eyes.
How much better is your love than wine,
And the fragrance of your oils.
A strand of your necklace steals My heart.
How beautiful is your love.

7. A garden enclosed is My sister,
A spring shut up, a fountain sealed.
You're a garden spring, well of freshwaters,
And streams from Lebanon.
Awake, north wind, and come, O south,
Blow upon my garden,
That the spices may blow out from my garden.
Come, my Beloved, eat its fruits.

8. My sister, My love, My perfect one,
May you open for Me,
For My head is covered with dew,
My locks the drops of the night.
Though you are weak, I know your hardship.
My love to you will not change.
You're My beloved darling. I desire you.
Quickly fly to My bosom. (I am the resurrection.)

9. The one who looks forth as the morning,
Fair as the moon, clear as the sun,
Awesome as an army with banners
Is My beautiful one!
You are lovely as Jerusalem,
As beautiful as Tirzah,
Awesome as an army with banners.
All day you capture My heart.

*Turn your eyes away from Me,
For they have overcome Me.
You are My dove, My love, My perfect one,
The only one in My heart.*

10. O My beloved, from feet to head,
You're beautiful, lovely, glorious.
The hair of your head is like purple.
I'm captured by your tresses.
O My love, how beautiful
And how delightful you are.
Let's embrace forever, heart to heart.
I always desire you!

11. Set me as a seal upon Your heart,
Like a seal upon Your arm.
For Your love is as strong as death,
Jealousy as cruel as Sheol.
Its flashes are flashes of fire,
It's the flame of Jehovah.
Waters, great waters cannot quench love.
Nothing can exchange for it.

*O, Lord, Your love has melted my heart;
I'm captured and drawn away.
I am enthralled in Your love embrace,
Live in the depth of Your heart.
Fully respond to Your love;
Fall in love with You fore'er.*