# I am for You; Your Heart is Reserved for Me

Lord, You are self-hidden, gentle, loving.
You are mindful of my mortal frame.
Yet Your love to me is eternal and boundless.
For love, You're willing to be a Man fore'er.
I have not yet seen Your dazzling glory,
I cannot fully know Your matchless love,
Cannot fully contain Your boundless flaming love,
Cannot stand Your overwhelming reaction.

2. Though my heart can't fully contain Your love,
In You is hidden the richest love.
This rich love flows to me and belongs to me.
You are humble, gentle, friendly and close to me.
Living with You day and night, now and forever,
I have sweetness, comfort, joy, and peace.
You veil Your flaming love when You gently come to me,
When You appear to me in sweetness and love.

3. The Lamb who once was slain, glorious young stag
It's You - the boundless glorious Lord!
This symbol of love melts and captures my heart.
I look forward to having the glorious body.
Then I'll be able to see more of Your glory,
I will know more, enjoy more of Your love.
Now I still can't contain, cannot fully comprehend
Your boundless, endless and deepest love.

4. Who can measure how deep is Your love, Lord?
Yet this love burns and outflows from Your heart.
This eternal, undying, burning love of Yours
Is my treasure, belongs to me now and fore'er.
Your heart burning with Your flaming love
Softly, tenderly comes close to me.
With Your gentleness You cloak Your flaming love.
Now I live with You in freedom and joy.

5. Though You'll enlighten me unceasingly,
I still can't fully comprehend Your love.
Forever I cherish Your loving heart for me.
The boundless You forever belong to me.
You deeply enjoy my love; I enjoy Yours.
I exist to be the dearest to You.
Forever You reserve all Your love for me.
It's so precious I have captured Your whole heart.
